1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
ANS. We don't need to write the code again and again we can simply call the function.

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
ANS. When it is called

3. What statement creates a function?
ANS. def
    def function_name():
        pass

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
ANS. A function is a collection of code which doesnot perform any task but when we call a function it performs the task according to the code inside it.
       Ex: def function_name():
            return 2 + 2

            Calling of function : function_name()


5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
ANS. One local and one global scope

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
ANS. Variable retains its value.

7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
ANS. It is used to end the execution of the function call and “returns” the result.
        Ex : def function_name():
                return 2 + 2

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
ANS. Yes we can use *pass* if we don't want to use return statement. It simply gives *None*

9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
ANS. With the help of global keyword.
        Ex : def func():
                  global x
                  x = "iNeuron"

10. What is the data type of None?
ANS. NoneType

11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
ANS. imports a module named "areallyourpetsnamederic"

12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
ANS. spam.bacon()

13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
ANS. I can use "try and except".

14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
ANS. If we are not sure that our code can through an error we can write that code in "try" block and can avoid crashing of program.
    Except block will handle the error which we encounter in try block.